COCO
Black Tea Macchiato: Recommended: As is! Enjoy this drink either in its hot or cold form.
Pearl Milk Tea: A classic boba order: we recommend using less ice and 50% sugar. 
Honey Milk Tea: We recommend adding a topping (pearls are a favourite!) and using less ice and 50% sugar.
Three Guys: This drink includes pearls, grass jelly, and pudding and is great as is! Use less ice and 70% sugar if you feel like the toppings might be overwhelming.
Two Ladies: This drink includes pearls and pudding! Use less ice and 50% sugar to really taste those toppings!
Fresh Taro Milk Tea: A signature Coco drink: we recommend that you enjoy it as is!
Mango Green Tea: This drink combines the classic green tea with a sweet splash of mango. Use less ice and 50% sugar for a stronger green tea flavour and make sure to add coconut jelly!
Brown Sugar Latte: One of Coco’s strong points, enjoy this drink hot or cold!
Mango Smoothie: Fruity and fun! 
Chocolate Milk Tea: Get the most of that chocolate flavour with less ice and 70% sugar!

PEARL FEVER
Passion Fruit Tea: For a full sugar kick, get this drink as is with coconut jelly! Otherwise, we recommend getting less ice and customizing your sugar level to your preference.
Oreo Twist: Get ready for an Oreo explosion! This drink is sweet, creamy, smooth, and everything you ever wished for.
Strawberry Milk: It’s sweet, it’s fruity, and it’s so so good.
Matcha Red Bean Milk Tea: It’s the classic matcha milk tea with all the works, get this drink as is for a full-bodied bob experience.
Black Milk Tea: A classic boba order: we recommend adding pearls and using less ice and 50% sugar. 
Honey Milk Tea: We recommend adding a topping (pearls are a favourite!) and using less ice and 50% sugar.
Oolong Milk Tea: We recommend adding a topping (pearls are a favourite!) and using less ice and 50% sugar.
Taro Smoothie: A unique, fun twist to the classic smoothie! Enjoy this drink as is or add pearls for some excitement.
Matcha Ice Cream Slush: This is the upgraded version of matcha milk tea, so there’s no going wrong with this drink. To make it even better, add pearls.
UFO: Is this even boba? Or a Pearl Fever special? Try it to find out!
